= TigerGraph Copilot Example Use Cases


== Natural Language to Data Insights

Whether you are business analysts, specialists, or investigators, CoPilot enables you to get information and insights quickly from your data. For example, it can generate reports for fraud investigators by answering questions like “Show me the list of recent fraud cases that were false positives''; it also facilitates more accurate investigation like “Who had transactions with account 123 in the past month with amounts larger than $1000”. What further differentiates TigerGraph CoPilot from similar products is that it can even answer the “what if?” questions by traversing your graph along dependencies. For example, you can easily find out “What suppliers can cover the shortage of part 123” from your supply chain graph, or “What services would be affected by an upgrade to server 321” from your digital infrastructure graph.

== Accurate, Context-Rich Q&A Solution

CoPilot provides a complete solution to build Q&A chatbot on your own data and documents. Its knowledge graph-based RAG approach enables contextually accurate information retrieval that facilitate better answers and more informed decisions. This solution directly improves the productivity and reduces the cost in typical Q&A applications such as call centers, customer services, knowledge search, and so on; but by merging the document knowledge graph with existing business graph (e.g., product graph) into one intelligence graph, CoPilot can tackle problems that cannot be addressed by other RAG solutions. For example, by combining customers’ purchase history with product graphs, we can make more accurate personalized recommendations when customers type in their search queries or ask for recommendations; by combining patients’ medical history with healthcare graphs, doctors or health specialists can get more useful information about the patients to provide better healthcare or precision healthcare.

== Next Steps

Next, learn how to contribute

//TigerGraph CoPilot's xref:tg-copilot:intro:example-use-cases.adoc[Example Use Cases].

Or return to xref:tg-copilot:intro:index.adoc[ TigerGraph CoPliot Overview] page for a different topic.

